# dev.stash.api

Take control of your finances with **Stash**, a secure and insightful personal finance management tool. Effortlessly track your income and expenses, gain valueable insights into your spending habits, and make informed financial decisions - all powered by Stash's robust and user friendly platform.

## Features

- **Secure Tracking:** Stash prioritizes security. It allows you to securely track your income and expenses, ensuring peace of mind about your financial data.
- **Actionable Insights:** Gain valueable insights into your spending habits with comprehensive reports and visualizations. Understand where your money goes and identify areas for potential savings.
- **Informed Decisions:** Leverage the insights generated by Stash to make informed financial decisions. Take control of your budget and set yourself on the path to achieving your financial goals.

## Tech Stack

dev.stash.api leverages a powerful technology stack to deliver a robust and scalable solution:

- **Node.js:** A powerful and efficient JavaScript runtime environment for building modern APIs.
- **Express.js:** A minimalist and flexible web framework for Node.js that provides a foundation for building APIs.
- **MongoDB:** A flexible and scalable NoSQL database for storing and managing user data.
- **TypeScript:** A superset of JavaScript that adds optional static typing, enhancing code maintainability and reducing runtime errors.

## Getting Started

1. Prerequisites:
    - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en).
    - A running instance of MongoDB.
2. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yasir-khilji-64/dev.stash.api
```
3. Install dependencies:
```bash
cd dev.stash.api
npm install
```
4. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! Feel free to fork the repository, make changes, and submit a pull request.
